There's something about great design
that allows it to go practically unnoticed.
But it doesn't take much to make things confusing and frustrating
Choosing colors with poor contrast makes navigating, reading and interacting a real pain
Good design means sufficient contrast between foreground background and colors.
That's not just text and images but links, icons, and buttons.
If it's important enough to be seen, then it needs to be clear.
And this is essential for people with low contrast sensitivity.
Which becomes more common as we age.
With good colors, websites and applications can be easier to use in more situations
can be easier to use in more situations.
Like in different lighting conditions.
Web accessibility: Essential for some, useful for all.